animal, A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
animal, There is a special species of bird that is really good at holding stuff together. They are called velcrows.
animal, Why did the pig stop sunbathing? He was bacon in the heat.
animal, I would tell you a leech joke, but it would suck anyway.
animal, When a female sheep turns around and goes the other way it makes a ewe turn.
animal, The leopard was so good at guessing. Every time he was spot on.
animal, My pig developed a rash, so the veterinarian prescribed an oinkment.
animal, The Rodent Club finished drafting their constitution, but it has yet to be ratified.
animal, Some aquatic mammals at the zoo escaped. It was otter chaos.
animal, The divers had to be careful, the octopus was heavily armed.
animal, What kind of bats like to hang from ropes? Acrobats.
animal, A monster who likes to ring doorbells is a knock less monster.
animal, A mother squid gave birth and said, 'I had an inkling.'
animal, The deer population is staggering.
animal, What do dogs do after they finish obedience school? They get their masters.
animal, When the homeless burrowing rodent found a nice golf course, he decided to gopher it.
battery, I got angry when my cell phone battery died. My counselor suggested I find an outlet.
battery, Yesterday I slept on a battery, it was a good power nap.
battery, My battery had an alkaline problem, so it went to AA meetings.
battery, The two guys caught drinking battery acid will soon be charged.
battery, When buying a battery you should never have to charge it.
battery, After his watch battery ran down, he had a bad time.
battery, To become an electrician you have to pass a battery of tests.
computer, Why don't programmers like nature? It has too many bugs.
computer, I got fired from my job as a software engineer. I just couldn't get with the program.
computer, Old programmers never die, they just can't C as well.
computer, When computer programmers are hungry they take mega-bites.
computer, The dead batteries were given out free of charge.
computer, The lumberjack loved his new computer. He especially enjoyed logging in.
computer, Local Area Network in Australia: the LAN down under.
computer, Sign on the door of an internet hacker. 'Gone Phishing'.
computer, My clock radio goes off with alarming frequency.
computer, I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
elevator, After taking the elevator to the top floor I felt very up-lifted.
elevator, I usually take steps to avoid elevators.
elevator, I’ve never taken an elevator to the basement floor, that’s just beneath me.
elevator, You’re an elevator technician? I’m sure that job has its ups and downs.
elevator, What do you call an elevator operator in a bank? Vice President - Vertical Operations
elevator, It didn't require an out of the box thinking to come up with an elevator.
elevator, He made a big mistake in the elevator! He was wrong on so many levels.
food, The girl quit her job at the doughnut factory because she was fed up with the hole business.
food, I decided that becoming a vegetarian was a missed steak.
food, Butchers link sausage to make ends meat
food, Why would an hour glass only take half an hour to finish? It was filled with quick sand
food, Old colanders never die, they just can't take the strain anymore.
food, When making butter there is little margarine for error.
food, The coffee tasted like mud because it was ground a couple of minutes ago.
food, Stealing someone's coffee is called 'mugging'.
food, When he spilled coffee on her shirt she showed him dis-stain.
food, Selling coffee has its perks for those who have bean so lucky.
food, The lights were too bright at the Chinese restaurant so the manager decided to dim sum.
food, Waiters are good at multiplication because they know their tables.

