Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? She ran away from the ball.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
I am on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it.
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game
What was Forrest Gump's email password? "1forrest1"
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
A book just fell on my head. I've only got myshelf to blame.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
I hate insects puns, they really bug me.
I wanna make a joke about sodium, but Na..
A courtroom artist was arrested today for an unknown reason... details are sketchy.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? They taste funny.
I am so poor I can't even pay attention.
My math teacher called me average. How mean!
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Q: What did one ocean say to the other ocean? A: Nothing, they just waved.
Q: what did one lumber jack say to another lumber jack? A: "I need to axe you a question."
Q: What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store? A: Guardians of the Galaxy.
Q: What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus? A: Claustrophobic
Q: What do ghosts serve for dessert? A: I Scream.
Q: What did the Dorito say to the other Dorito. A: I can't tell you, it was too cheesy.
Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch? A: "Beef Jerky!"
Q: What do bees do with their honey? A: They cell it.
Which day do chickens hate the most? Friday.
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station.
Fishermen are reel men.
What did the tree say to autumn? Leaf me alone.
A garage sale is actually a Garbage sale but the "b" is silent.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
What do sea monsters eat for lunch? Fish and ships.
What tea do hockey players drink? Penaltea!
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
I've just written a song about tortillas - actually, it's more of a rap.
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery.
Do skunks celebrate Valentine's Day? Sure, they're very scent-imental!
Chem students do it on the table periodically.
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
Where do you find a birthday present for a cat? In a cat-alogue!
I was so sad and crying when I lost my playstation 3 but unfortunately, there was nobody to console me!
In democracy, it's your vote that counts. In feudalism, it's your count that votes.
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
What do you call a fish with no eye? FSH




